Which features could I add to my directive?
Well I want to show how to use multiple modifiers and how to pass more complex data than just a string
here,
let's start with the multiple modifiers.
let's say I want to add a modifier where this not only has the possibility to get added delayed but also to
blink,
so to alternate between two states once I well have it, set it up, so I can add .blink here.
Now in order to be able to use this, I also need to check this of course in my code,
so here I will add another if check where I check if binding modifiers has this blink key here.
Now if I do have this, I want to set up this timeout and then an interval inside of this timeout,
otherwise in the else block, if we don't have this modifier, I just want to use the timeout as we did
before,
so this code will remain untouched.
Now what I want to do here in the blink case? Well here I simply want to alternate between two colors,
so I will create new variables and I use the var before
but since we use ES6 code, I can also use let here, let is the ES6 variable which is block scoped,
that is a difference and you want to check out the ES6 tutorial to learn more about it,
you could still use var though.
So let here just to alternate this allows me to define a new variable and I will set up the main color
here,
the main color shall be green
let's say, then I will set up my second color and this shall be blue
because again I want to blink, I want to switch between both colors.
I can also say the main color should be what the user passes,
so let's say binding value,
I still do pass a color here, red,
so let's use that,
why not?
So now I get two colors,
the second color is hardcoded, the first color is settable by the user, the main color that is,
I also want to have a current color and at the beginning this shall be my main color here, like that.
Ok, so with that let's now
copy that set timeout code
but inside there to make it blink, I also need to set an interval, so I'll execute set interval, interval
like this
and there, let's set up the duration it should take or how long it should take for it to keep one state
before it alternates again,
let's set this to one second so that we can clearly see this, this of course is totally up to you
and you could also make this settable from outside, I will soon show you how.
So here, set interval
then takes a callback which is executed every one second
but it only starts after three seconds though because it is nested inside the set
timeout and here, I want to check if the current color equals the second color,
if that is the case, then the current color is the main color because it obviously is the second color
right now
so I want to switch it otherwise I want to do the opposite, then current color
shall be the second color.
So that basically will switch my colors,
that's all I'm doing here
and that of course shall not be an if statement,
that's a normal ternary statement,
so like this.
This will change my colors,
the next line then decides whether it shall change the background color or not,
so I will take this code which is currently outside of the interval and put it inside of the interval.
So this is of course needed because you still are able to set background as an argument here as we do,
so that will determine what color should be alternated.
Now of course I also need to change this, the background color should now be set to the current color
as should be the color in case we're not passing the background argument. With this in place,
let's see if that works,
it should start up to three seconds and it alternates.
It took an initial of one second because we set up the interval to be one second
but as you can see, it now blinks,
awesome.
This is the behaviour you wanted,
now let's see how we can control both colors and not just one, as well as the duration of this blinking
interval.
Well I'll show you how to do all these things in the next video.